two months ago we tried to go break
dancing now the catch is that none of us
are particularly good dancers yes but
because of miscommunication we couldn't
find the instructor we had initially
scheduled so as always we improvised
since our instructor never showed up how
we met these young fellows who are very
passionate about hip hop and dance in
general and anytime an attempt on making
a video fails we always try to make the
best out of the situation and in this
case amar our very own social guru
somehow convinced these kids to show us
how it's done
I win
why thank you guys we celebrated our
friend Dre's birthday by learning
breakdancing for an hour in front of a
confused part but we felt like we had to
step things up a notch so our incredible
dancer friend Hanna challenged us by
suggesting to teach us ballet if I could
feel nice and said but I should be used
to it by now
and while Lamar is still gone for the
month our cameraman Darren decided to
celebrate his birthday by completing our
dancing crew and we only had one hour to
learn a piece from the Swan Lake dance
before we would go out and perform in
public and Darren was surprisingly good
at ballet
last rehearsal
learning ballet with henna made us
realize how hard ballet actually is but
most importantly how poorly coordinated
all three of us are and now for our
performance since Montreal drivers are
known for being so aggressive there's
this this traffic at 6:00 in the morning
imagine at 7:00 anywhere you go this
traffic would have made this city oh you
wanted to brighten up their days by
standing in front of red lights and
perform but first on the west coast of
Canada Ammar didn't want to miss out on
learning something new with us and was
taught Irish dancing by himself with one
of the best in Canada
Oh
and now it's time for the performance in
our first nine attempts or horrible wait
we were first witness how good was that
dope we're getting a worse I'll feed you
ballet rock sit back physics an
experiment
oh yeah we got to do another one they
want to see but our final and tenth
attempt was our Redemption all right
last one
let's make it the best guys
san juan deag up come for no fire no
Medina empty Buddha Bernardo Luka you on
Thursday what's the name of our doorman
shitty ballet